---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunnynet_dns_record Data Source - terraform-provider-bunnynet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source represents a DNS record in Bunny DNS https://bunny.net/dns/.
---

# bunnynet_dns_record (Data Source)

This data source represents a DNS record in [Bunny DNS](https://bunny.net/dns/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bunnynet_dns_record" "A" {
  zone = data.bunnynet_dns_zone.example.id
  type = "A"
  name = "www"

  # id is optional, can be used to distinguish between records with the same name and type
  id = 123456
}

output "record" {
  value = data.bunnynet_dns_record.A
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS record. Use <code>name = ""</code> for apex domain records.
- `type` (String) Options: `A`, `AAAA`, `CAA`, `CNAME`, `Flatten`, `MX`, `NS`, `PTR`, `PullZone`, `Redirect`, `SRV`, `Script`, `TXT`
- `zone` (Number) ID of the related DNS zone.

### Optional

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier for the DNS record.

### Read-Only

- `accelerated` (Boolean) Indicates whether the DNS record should utilize bunny.net’s acceleration services.
- `accelerated_pullzone` (Number) The ID of the accelerated pull zone.
- `comment` (String) This property allows users to add descriptive notes for documentation and management purposes.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the DNS record is enabled.
- `flags` (Number) Flags for advanced DNS settings.
- `geolocation_lat` (Number) The latitude for geolocation-based routing.
- `geolocation_long` (Number) The longitude for geolocation-based routing.
- `latency_zone` (String) The latency zone for latency-based routing.
- `link_name` (String) The name of the linked resource.
- `monitor_type` (String) Options: `Http`, `Monitor`, `None`, `Ping`
- `port` (Number) The port number for services that require a specific port.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the DNS record.
- `pullzone_id` (Number) The ID of the linked pullzone.
- `smart_routing_type` (String) Options: `Geolocation`, `Latency`, `None`
- `tag` (String) A tag for the DNS record.
- `ttl` (Number) The time-to-live value for the DNS record.
- `value` (String) The value of the DNS record.
- `weight` (Number) The weight of the DNS record. It is used in load balancing scenarios to distribute traffic based on the specified weight.
