---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunnynet_pullzone_edgerule Resource - terraform-provider-bunnynet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages edge rules for a bunny.net pull zone. It is used to define and configure rules that determine how content is delivered at the edge.
---

# bunnynet_pullzone_edgerule (Resource)

This resource manages edge rules for a bunny.net pull zone. It is used to define and configure rules that determine how content is delivered at the edge.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bunnynet_pullzone_edgerule" "redirect_admin" {
  enabled     = true
  pullzone    = bunnynet_pullzone.example.id
  description = "Redirect to homepage"

  actions = [
    {
      type       = "Redirect"
      parameter1 = "https://www.example.com"
      parameter2 = "302"
      parameter3 = null
    }
  ]

  match_type = "MatchAny"
  triggers = [
    {
      type       = "Url"
      match_type = "MatchAny"
      patterns   = ["https://cdn.example.com/wp-admin/*"]
      parameter1 = null
      parameter2 = null
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the edge rule is enabled.
- `pullzone` (Number)
- `triggers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--triggers))

### Optional

- `action` (String) Options: `BlockRequest`, `BypassAwsS3Authentication`, `BypassPermaCache`, `DisableOptimizer`, `DisableShield`, `DisableShieldBotDetection`, `DisableShieldChallenge`, `DisableTokenAuthentication`, `DisableWAF`, `EnableTokenAuthentication`, `ForceCompression`, `ForceDownload`, `ForceSSL`, `IgnoreQueryString`, `OriginMagicContainers`, `OriginStorage`, `OriginUrl`, `OverrideBrowserCacheResponseHeader`, `OverrideBrowserCacheTime`, `OverrideCacheTime`, `OverrideCacheTimePublic`, `Redirect`, `RemoveBrowserCacheResponseHeader`, `RetryOrigin`, `RunEdgeScript`, `SetConnectionLimit`, `SetNetworkRateLimit`, `SetRequestHeader`, `SetRequestsPerSecondLimit`, `SetResponseHeader`, `SetStatusCode`
- `action_parameter1` (String)
- `action_parameter2` (String)
- `action_parameter3` (String)
- `actions` (List of Object) List of actions for the edge rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `description` (String) The description of the edge rule.
- `match_type` (String) Options: `MatchAll`, `MatchAny`, `MatchNone`
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the edge rule. The lower number is executed first.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique GUID of the edge rule.

<a id="nestedatt--triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `triggers`

Required:

- `match_type` (String)
- `parameter1` (String)
- `parameter2` (String)
- `patterns` (List of String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Optional:

- `parameter1` (String)
- `parameter2` (String)
- `parameter3` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import bunnynet_pullzone_edgerule.test "$PULLZONE_ID|$EDGERULE_GUID"
```
