---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunnynet_pullzone_ratelimit_rule Resource - terraform-provider-bunnynet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages a rate limit rule for a bunny.net pullzone.
---

# bunnynet_pullzone_ratelimit_rule (Resource)

This resource manages a rate limit rule for a bunny.net pullzone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bunnynet_pullzone_ratelimit_rule" "wplogin" {
  pullzone        = bunnynet_pullzone.test.id
  name            = "WordPress Login"
  description     = "WordPress Login"
  transformations = ["LOWERCASE", "NORMALIZEPATH", "URLDECODE"]

  condition {
    variable = "REQUEST_URI"
    operator = "BEGINSWITH"
    value    = "/wp-login.php"
  }

  limit {
    requests = 2
    interval = 10 # seconds
  }

  response {
    interval = 3600 # seconds
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The rate limit rule name.
- `pullzone` (Number) The ID of the linked pullzone.

### Optional

- `condition` (Block List) The condition to trigger the rate limit rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition))
- `description` (String) The rate limit rule description.
- `limit` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limit))
- `response` (Block, Optional) The response once the rate limit rule is triggered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response))
- `transformations` (Set of String) Options: `CMDLINE`, `COMPRESSWHITESPACE`, `CSSDECODE`, `HEXENCODE`, `HTMLENTITYDECODE`, `JSDECODE`, `LENGTH`, `LOWERCASE`, `MD5`, `NORMALISEPATH`, `NORMALISEPATHWIN`, `NORMALIZEPATH`, `NORMALIZEPATHWIN`, `REMOVECOMMENTS`, `REMOVENULLS`, `REMOVEWHITESPACE`, `REPLACECOMMENTS`, `SHA1`, `URLDECODE`, `URLDECODEUNI`, `UTF8TOUNICODE`

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the rate limit rule.

<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Required:

- `operator` (String) Options: `BEGINSWITH`, `CONTAINS`, `CONTAINSWORD`, `DETECTSQLI`, `DETECTXSS`, `ENDSWITH`, `EQ`, `GE`, `GT`, `LE`, `LT`, `RX`, `STREQ`, `STRMATCH`, `WITHIN`
- `value` (String)
- `variable` (String) Options: `ARGS`, `ARGS_COMBINED_SIZE`, `ARGS_GET`, `ARGS_GET_NAMES`, `ARGS_POST`, `ARGS_POST_NAMES`, `FILES_NAMES`, `GEO`, `QUERY_STRING`, `REMOTE_ADDR`, `REQUEST_BASENAME`, `REQUEST_BODY`, `REQUEST_COOKIES`, `REQUEST_COOKIES_NAMES`, `REQUEST_FILENAME`, `REQUEST_HEADERS`, `REQUEST_HEADERS_NAMES`, `REQUEST_LINE`, `REQUEST_METHOD`, `REQUEST_PROTOCOL`, `REQUEST_URI`, `REQUEST_URI_RAW`, `RESPONSE_BODY`, `RESPONSE_HEADERS`, `RESPONSE_STATUS`

Optional:

- `variable_value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limit`

Required:

- `interval` (Number) The interval, in seconds, to consider for to trigger the rate limit rule.
- `requests` (Number) The number of request within the interval to trigger the rate limit rule.


<a id="nestedblock--response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response`

Required:

- `interval` (Number) The interval, in seconds, that the rate limit will apply.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import bunnynet_pullzone_ratelimit_rule.test "$PULLZONE_ID|$RULE_ID"
```
