---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunnynet_pullzone_optimizer_class Resource - terraform-provider-bunnynet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages optimizer classes for a bunny.net pull zone. It is used to define Bunny Optimizer settings for pullzones.
---

# bunnynet_pullzone_optimizer_class (Resource)

This resource manages optimizer classes for a bunny.net pull zone. It is used to define Bunny Optimizer settings for pullzones.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bunnynet_pullzone_optimizer_class" "thumbnail" {
  pullzone   = bunnynet_pullzone.example.id
  name       = "thumbnail"
  width      = 200
  height     = 300
  brightness = 15
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the optimizer class.
- `pullzone` (Number) The ID of the linked pull zone.

### Optional

- `aspect_ratio` (String) The aspect ratio for image optimization.
- `auto_optimize` (String) Indicates whether automatic optimization for images is enabled.
- `blur` (Number) The level of blur to apply to images.
- `brightness` (Number) The brightness adjustment for images.
- `contrast` (Number) The contrast adjustment for images.
- `crop` (String) The cropping settings for images.
- `crop_gravity` (String) The gravity setting for cropping.
- `flip` (Boolean) Indicates whether to flip images horizontally.
- `flop` (Boolean) Indicates whether to flip images vertically.
- `height` (Number) The height to which images should be resized.
- `hue` (Number) The hue adjustment for images.
- `quality` (Number) The quality setting for image optimization.
- `saturation` (Number) The saturation adjustment for images.
- `sepia` (Number) The level of sepia tone to apply to images.
- `sharpen` (Boolean) Indicates whether to sharpen images.
- `width` (Number) The width to which images should be resized.
