---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunnynet_pullzone_shield Resource - terraform-provider-bunnynet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages Bunny Shield for a bunny.net pullzone.
---

# bunnynet_pullzone_shield (Resource)

This resource manages Bunny Shield for a bunny.net pullzone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bunnynet_pullzone_shield" "test" {
  pullzone = bunnynet_pullzone.test.id
  tier     = "Standard"

  ddos {
    level = "Medium"
    mode  = "Block"
  }

  waf {
    enabled = true
    mode    = "Block"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pullzone` (Number) The ID of the linked pullzone.

### Optional

- `access_list` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_list))
- `bot_detection` (Block, Optional) Configures Bot Detection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bot_detection))
- `ddos` (Block, Optional) Configures DDoS settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ddos))
- `tier` (String) Options: `Advanced`, `Basic`, `Business`, `Enterprise`
- `waf` (Block, Optional) Configures WAF settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf))
- `whitelabel` (Boolean) Replace our bunny.net branded block and challenge pages with a white-labelled experience.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Bunny Shield.

<a id="nestedblock--access_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_list`

Required:

- `action` (String) Options: `Allow`, `Block`, `Challenge`, `Log`
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Access List.


<a id="nestedblock--bot_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_detection`

Optional:

- `complex_fingerprinting` (Boolean) Combines advanced entropy analysis and cross-session consistency.
- `fingerprint_aggression` (Number) Controls how assertively unusual fingerprints are treated as bots.
- `fingerprint_sensitivity` (Number) Adjusts how precisely browsers are checked for signs of automation.
- `ip_sensitivity` (Number) Monitors IP behaviour, reputation, and rate patterns.
- `mode` (String) Indicates the mode the Bot Detection engine is running. Options: `Challenge`, `Log`
- `request_integrity` (Number) Analyzes request headers, query structure, and protocol anomalies.


<a id="nestedblock--ddos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddos`

Required:

- `level` (String) Options: `Asleep`, `Extreme`, `High`, `Low`, `Medium`

Optional:

- `challenge_window` (Number) The window of time a visitor can access your website after passing a challenge. Once the timeout expires, they'll face a new challenge.
- `mode` (String) Indicates the mode the engine is running. Options: `Block`, `Log`


<a id="nestedblock--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the WAF (Web Application Firewall) is enabled.

Optional:

- `allowed_http_methods` (Set of String) Indicates allowed HTTP methods.
- `allowed_http_versions` (Set of String) Indicates allowed HTTP versions.
- `allowed_request_content_types` (Set of String) Indicates allowed values for request Content-Type.
- `blocking_sensitivity` (Number) Determines which severity level of rules will block requests.
- `body_limit_request` (String) Determines the action to take when the request body length exceeds your plan limit. Options: `Block`, `Ignore`, `Log`
- `body_limit_response` (String) Determines the action to take when the response body length exceeds your plan limit. Options: `Block`, `Ignore`, `Log`
- `detection_sensitivity` (Number) Determines which severity level of rules will trigger a detection log.
- `execution_sensitivity` (Number) Determines which severity level of rules will trigger the rules and their action.
- `log_headers` (Boolean) When enabled, detected WAF audit logs will contain the full list of request headers sent during the request.
- `log_headers_excluded` (Set of String) The list of headers excluded from the logs. They will still be used for processing WAF rules.
- `mode` (String) Indicates the mode the engine is running. Options: `Block`, `Log`
- `realtime_threat_intelligence` (Boolean) Real-time Threat Intelligence delivers zero-day protection by instantly detecting and blocking emerging threats.
- `rules_disabled` (Set of String) List of disabled WAF rules.
- `rules_logonly` (Set of String) List of WAF rules that will not be blocked, but will be logged when triggered.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import bunnynet_pullzone_shield.test $PULLZONE_ID
```
