---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunnynet_stream_library Resource - terraform-provider-bunnynet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages libraries in bunny.net Stream.
---

# bunnynet_stream_library (Resource)

This resource manages libraries in bunny.net Stream.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bunnynet_stream_library" "example" {
  name = "example"

  player_controls                  = ["airplay", "play", "volume", "captions", "current-time", "fullscreen", "mute", "pip", "play-large", "progress", "settings"]
  player_captions_font_color       = "#000"
  player_captions_font_size        = 20
  player_captions_background_color = "#fff"
  resolutions                      = ["240p", "360p", "480p", "720p", "1080p"]
  transcribing_enabled             = true
  transcribing_languages           = ["en", "fr", "es", "de"]
  direct_play_enabled              = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the stream library.

### Optional

- `bitrate_1080p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 1080p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `bitrate_1440p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 1440p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `bitrate_2160p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 2160p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `bitrate_240p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 240p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `bitrate_360p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 360p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `bitrate_480p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 480p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `bitrate_720p` (Number) The bitrate used for encoding 720p videos, in kilobits per second.
- `cdn_token_authentication_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether CDN token authentication is required.
- `content_tagging_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether content tagging is enabled.
- `direct_play_enabled` (Boolean) Determines direct play URLs are enabled.
- `direct_url_file_access_blocked` (Boolean) Indicates whether the requests without a referrer are blocked.
- `drm_mediacage_basic_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the MediaCage basic DRM is enabled
- `early_play_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Early-Play feature is enabled.
- `mp4_fallback_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the MP4 fallback feature is enabled.
- `original_files_keep` (Boolean) Indicates whether to keep original files after encoding.
- `player_captions_background_color` (String) The background color of the captions in the video player.
- `player_captions_font_color` (String) The font color of the captions in the video player.
- `player_captions_font_size` (Number) The font size of the captions in the video player.
- `player_controls` (Set of String) Options: `airplay`, `captions`, `chromecast`, `current-time`, `duration`, `fast-forward`, `fullscreen`, `mute`, `pip`, `play`, `play-large`, `progress`, `rewind`, `settings`, `volume`
- `player_custom_head` (String) Custom HTML to be included in the head of the video player.
- `player_font_family` (String) Options: `arial`, `inter`, `lato`, `oswald`, `raleway`, `roboto`, `rubik`, `ubuntu`
- `player_language` (String) Specifies the language for the video player interface.
- `player_primary_color` (String) Customizes the appearance of the video player.
- `player_watchtime_heatmap_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the video watch heatmap should be displayed in the player.
- `referers_allowed` (Set of String) The list of allowed referrer domains allowed to access videos in this library.
- `referers_blocked` (Set of String) The list of blocked referrer domains blocked from accessing videos in this library.
- `resolutions` (Set of String) A list of resolutions available for the videos.
- `transcribing_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the automatic audio transcribing is currently enabled for this zone.
- `transcribing_languages` (Set of String) The list of languages that the captions will be automatically transcribed to.
- `transcribing_smart_description_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether automatic transcribing description generation is currently enabled.
- `transcribing_smart_title_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether automatic transcribing title generation is currently enabled.
- `vast_tag_url` (String) The URL of the VAST tag for ad integration.
- `view_token_authentication_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether the player token authentication is enabled
- `watermark_height` (Number) The height of the watermark (in %).
- `watermark_position_left` (Number) The left offset of the watermark position (in %).
- `watermark_position_top` (Number) The top offset of the watermark position (in %).
- `watermark_width` (Number) The width of the watermark (in %).
- `webhook_url` (String) The URL for webhook notifications.

### Read-Only

- `api_key` (String) The API key for accessing the stream library.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `pullzone` (Number) The ID of the linked pullzone.
- `storage_zone` (Number) The ID of the linked storage zone.
